Migrate expo-localization to TypeScript (#3398)
expo/expo: packages/expo-localization/README.md

| locale           | `string`   | Native device language, returned in standard format. Ex: `en`, `en-US`, `es-US`.                                                             | ✅  | ✅      | ✅  |
| locales          | `string[]` | List of all the native languages provided by the user settings. These are sorted in the order the user has defined in their native settings. | ✅  | ✅      | ✅  |
| country          | `string?`  | Country code for your device.                                                                                                                | ✅  | ✅      | ✅  |
| timezone         | `string`   | The current time zone in display format. ex: `America/Los_Angeles`. Read more about web usage below.                                         | ✅  | ✅      | ✅  |
| isRTL            | `boolean`  | This will return `true` if the current language is Right-to-Left.                                                                            | ✅  | ✅      | ✅  |
| isoCurrencyCodes | `string[]` | A list of all the supported ISO codes.                                                                                                       | ✅  | ✅      | ❌  |

**Web Timezone**

> On web we will attempt to get the timezone with the native `Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().timeZone` but if cannot be found, the default value `Etc/UTC` will be returned. For more accurate results you could use the library `moment/timezone`. Because [`moment.js` is so large](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/3376) we don't include it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On web we will attempt to get the timezone with the standard `Intl` API but if the time zone cannot be found, the default value `Etc/UTC` will be returned. For more accurate results you could use the library `moment/timezone`. Because [`moment.js` is so large](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/3376) we don't include it.
```
